Overview: 
ConnectOPT (OPT: Optional Practical Training) is a Job Board for Students across all streams looking for Job. It is hosted in Azure cloud.
It has a responsive design can support all major browsers and all smart devices such as mobile and Tablets.


Technologies Used:
ReactJS, Bootstrap, CSS, HTML5, Python, .NET Core 3.1, C#, Azure (WebAPI, Azure DataBricks), MongoDB, PowerBI

Description:
User Interface is accessible to 3 different type of users. 
1. Candidates : Candidate should be able to login with Single Signon or create thier own account and login.
		Candidate should create a profile with the technology, location, salary and other academic details.
		Once the candidate logs in, search page should show the Jobs available based on candidates profile.
2. Employers : Employer should be able to create account with company id (not public emails such as gmail/hotmail etc is not allowed)
	       This is to ensure authenticity of the employer. Employer should be able to post the Job or upload it using specific formate.
3. College Admins : College Admins can create account using .edu email only. College admins can upload candidate profiles with the registration number and other details such as technology of candidate, grades etc

Bulk Upload: Employers can upload specific formate files for uploading multiple jobs into a specific folder in Azure Storage. Azure Bricks will pick the file and processes it and store in mongodb.






Milestone: Created 4 milestones each for $100. 
1. Create the Home Page and supplement Page which should be responsive and support all major devices - Chrome, Edge, Safari, IOS and Andriod Devices.  
   Create the Login and Register page for Students and store it in MongoDB
   Code should be Fully functional
  
2. Create the Login and Register page for Employer and College Admin

3. Should be able to Search by Job Name, Location on Home page.

4. Code Review, Performance Testing and all defects to be completed with in the scope of this project 

